---
layout: post
title:  "Welcome to the 2021-22 Season"
date:   2021-09-09 16:00:00
categories: membership
---
# Welcome to the 2021-22 Season
A warm welcome to all returning members. Membership for the coming season is now open, there are a few changes this season so I've summarised all the information below, if you are joining us for the new season please make sure you follow all the steps carefully.

## Quick Summary
Strict maximum of 3 taster sessions (training/friendlies) before you become a member.
Strictly no playing in league games if you are not a member/owe membership fees.
Membership forms can now be completed online (links below).
You need to signup on the England Hockey GMS to play league games. This needs to be completed by 20th September to play on the first weekend of the season.
Winter training starts on the 14th & 16th of September.
Membership
Membership rates remain unchanged for the coming season, but you can now complete your membership form online at the links below. Please note, that insurance changes this year means that players may participate in 3 training or friendly games, at most, before becoming a member. Once a player has reached 3 training of friendly games we will have to deny them access to sessions. Consequently, there will be no leeway for playing in league matches if you are not a member or owe membership fees to the club, so it is important that you sort your membership ASAP.

To become a member you must fill in a membership form below (paper forms available if you cannot complete the form) and pay the due fees either in full, or the registration fee if paying by instalments.

- Senior Member - Everyone over the age of 18
- Senior (Student) Member - Over the age of 18 and in full time education or completing an apprenticeship
- Student Member - 16 to 18 year olds.
- Junior Member - Any player up to the age of 16
- U10 Member - Players below the age of 10 not taking part in our junior teams. Training and Tournaments only.

After completing these steps, you also need to sign up for the England Hockey GMS. As well as being able to see fixtures and results, this will create your EH player profile allowing you to play in games, request club transfers and tracking your stats. Details below, the system will be going live this week and please ensure you sign up before Monday September 20th so the club has plenty of time to approve your account and confirm your membership details before the first game of the season.

### Over 18s

1. Go to https://gms.englandhockey.co.uk and click register
2. Select Player, add your details and select Sandbach Hockey Club
3. You will be sent a verification code to continue
4. Complete your full profile
5. Wait for approval from the club.

### Parents of under 18s
1. Go to https://gms.englandhockey.co.uk and click register
2. Select Parent, add your details and select Sandbach Hockey Club
3. You will be sent a verification code to continue
4. Add your full details, and create your junior players
5. Wait for approval from the club

Training
FAQs
Support

## Training Times
Mens training - Tuesdays - 8pm to 9:30pm (From September 14th)
Junior training - Thursdays - 6pm to 7:30pm  (From September 16th)
Ladies training - Thursdays - 7:30pm to 9pm (From September 16th)

Please do not enter the pitch early, as you will need to sign in on arrival and wait for any previous session to exit the pitch.
