---
layout: post
title:  "Welcome to the 2022-23 Season"
date:   2022-08-25 16:00:00
categories: membership
---
# Welcome to the 2022-23 Season
A warm welcome to all new and returning members. Membership for the coming season is now open and will run from 1st September for 12 months.

## Training Times
Mens training - Tuesdays - 8pm to 9:30pm (From September 6th)
Junior training - Thursdays - 6pm to 7:30pm  (From September 8th)
Ladies training - Thursdays - 7:30pm to 9pm (From September 8th)

Please do not enter the pitch early, as you will need to sign in on arrival and wait for any previous session to exit the pitch.

## Membership Rates
Senior Full Membership - £230 & £3 Match Fee
Senior PAYG Membership - £140 & £10 Match Fee
Senior (Discounted) & Students - £170 & £3 Match Fee
Junior - £140 & £3 Match Fee
U10 - £70 & £3 Match Fee

We also offer a 20% family discount for children of senior members and junior siblings.

## New to hockey?
Awesome. Our training sessions are mixed ability and welcoming but if you have any questions, about equipment, taking up the sport or how to get involved, then please get in touch via Facebook or by emailing secretary@sandbachhockeyclub.co.uk

## New to the club
Welcome. We offer 3 complimentary training sessions to decide if we are for you. Please fill in the appropriate trial form below and head down to the next training session. Any questions then don't hesitate to get in touch via Facebook or by emailing secretary@sandbachhockeyclub.co.uk

18+ trial
Under 18 trial

If you decide to become a full member during or after your trial then the full membership forms are below.

### Transferring from another Club
If you are transferring from another club we ask that you please confirm by sending an email to both the secretary for your old club and secretary@sandbachhockeyclub.co.uk so we can ensure there are no issues with the transfer.

If you are registered with your old club on GMS, you will also need to transfer to Sandbach Hockey Club on GMS.

## Returning members
Good to have you back, please complete the relevant membership form below.

- Senior Member - Everyone over the age of 18
- Senior (Student) Member - Over the age of 18 and in full time education or completing an apprenticeship
- Student Member - 16 to 18 year olds.
- Junior Member - Any player up to the age of 16
- U10 Member - Players below the age of 10 not taking part in our junior teams. Training and Tournaments only.
